Release Notes 03/28/2021-04/03/2021 (#2275)
Azure/AKS: CHANGELOG.md

* Before k8s 1.20 a bug would allow exec probes to run indefinitely, ignoring any timeoutSeconds configuration value. The previous buggy behavior has been fixed, and timeouts are now enforced. Additionally, this change introduces a new default timeout of 1 second. Please audit all your existing exec probes to make sure that it is appropriate to enforce a 1 second timeout. If not, please provide an explicit timeoutSeconds value that is appropriate for each [exec probe](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/configure-liveness-readiness-startup-probes/#configure-probes).
* CSI Drivers will become default for [Kubernetes versions 1.21+](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/aks/csi-storage-drivers).
* Previous [pod security policy (preview)](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/aks/use-pod-security-policies) deprecation was June 30th 2021. To better align with Kubernetes Upstream pod security policy (preview) deprecation will begin with Kubernetes version 1.21, with its removal in version 1.25. As Kubernetes Upstream approaches that milestone, the Kubernetes community will be working to document viable alternatives.

> * For all AKS clusters using Kubernetes v1.20+, CoreDNS will be upgraded to version 1.8.3. This will remove `resyncperiod` and `upstream`from the Kubernetes plugin.

Reviewer: *has been upgreaded?

### Release Notes

* Bug Fixes
  * Fixed a bug in runc that caused pods to be stuck in container creation in containerd 1.4.3 and 1.4.4.
  * Fixed a bug in VMAS that accidently enabled VMAS to be scaled down to 0.
* Behavioral Changes
  * Increased nslookup/nc timeout to 10s for Provisioning CSE in nodes.
* Component Updates
  * Removed Cross-namespace owner references in Azure Policy on AKS v1.20+.

>   * Updated omsagent to [March_release](https://github.com/microsoft/Docker-Provider/blob/ci_prod/ReleaseNotes.md#03262021--).

Reviewer: Usually we paste the version that can be checked on the image itself on the cluster.

Reviewer: In this case version: ciprod03262021

>   * Updated Azure Confidential Compute Image to updated webhook and plugin version, to include a liveness probe.

Reviewer: To which version?

* CSI Drivers will become default for [Kubernetes versions 1.21+](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/aks/csi-storage-drivers).
* Previous [pod security policy (preview)](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/aks/use-pod-security-policies) deprecation was June 30th 2021. To better align with Kubernetes Upstream pod security policy (preview) deprecation will begin with Kubernetes version 1.21, with its removal in version 1.25. As Kubernetes Upstream approaches that milestone, the Kubernetes community will be working to document viable alternatives.
* For all AKS clusters using Kubernetes v1.20+, CoreDNS will be upgraded to version 1.8.3. This will remove `resyncperiod` and `upstream`from the Kubernetes plugin.

### Release Notes

* Bug Fixes

>   * Fixed a bug in runc that caused pods to be stuck in containercreation in containerd 1.4.3 and 1.4.4.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * Fixed a bug in runc that caused pods to be stuck in container creation in containerd 1.4.3 and 1.4.4.
```

Reviewer 2: also, does it require node image upgrade from customers?

Author: @palma21 thoughts?

  * Fixed a bug in VMAS that accidently enabled VMAS to be scaled down to 0.
* Behavioral Changes
  * Increased nslookup/nc timeout to 10s for Provisioning CSE in nodes.
* Component Updates
  * Removed Cross-namespace owner references in Azure Policy on AKS v1.20+.

>   * Added support for updating Windows password on Windows AKS nodes.

Reviewer 2: how?

Author: @keikhara did you post the steps anywhere?
